docs: add more details to the OTel bump guide (#2875)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/contributor/otel-bump-guide.md

## Implementation

After you complete your review and create a plan to address any required changes, update the dependencies versions in both `opentelemetry-collector-components` and `telemetry-manager`.

### opentelemetry-collector-components

> 1. Check-out the automatically-generated renovate branch for updating opentelemetry.

Author: No, I was just refering to the bot name ([Renovate](https://github.com/apps/renovate)). You are right

> 2. Update all the `go.opentelemetry.io/collector` and the `github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib` dependencies versions in the following files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the dependency versions for `go.opentelemetry.io/collector` and `github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib` in the following files:
```

   - `otel-collector/builder-config.yaml`
   - `otel-collector/envs`
   - `cmd/otelkymacol/builder-config.yaml`
3. Run `make gotidy`
4. Run `make generate`
5. Update and merge the PR
6. Wait for the image build GitHub action to complete and the new image tag to be available

### telemetry-manager

> 1. Update all the `go.opentelemetry.io/collector` and the `github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib` dependencies versions in the following files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the dependency versions for `go.opentelemetry.io/collector` and `github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib` in the following files:
```

   - `.env`
   - `go.mod`
   - `test/testkit/images.go`
   - `sec-scanners-config.yaml`
   - `helm/values.yaml`
2. Run `go mod tidy`

> 3. Run `make generate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `make generate`.
```
